Experience at ITU: I have been studying here at ITU since 2019 but it feels like I joined it a few months back. My experience at ITU has been great. Especially, ITU among the top university in Pakistan accepted the challenge of the transition in the mode of education during the Covid-19 period and taught us the course content in an effective way. Furthermore, apart from the academics here at ITU, we have a number of local and international student societies and working with any of the societies gives a professional experience that we get in the real job market. We at ITU, because of these student societies and their interactive, effective, and impactful on-campus events are more like a family. About yourself: I am a senior-year student of Electrical Engineering with an interest in AI and Robotics. I recently completed my research internship with the BioRobotics Institute of an Italian University. If I talk about my journey in IET, I started working with IET as events lead in late 2021 and lead all the events along with my team. Now, I’ve been elected the president of IET on campus ITU. What does my society do: We at IET organize events, workshops, and talks related to engineering and technology that create an impact on the student body of ITU. IET on campus at ITU was founded by one of the best faculty members of the department of electrical engineering, Dr Haris Mahmood. We bagged three international awards from IET UK this year and aiming to bag more in the next. We have organized a number of outstanding events named here but a few which include a workshop on Robot Operating Systems, Clapathon (A general knowledge-based free quiz competition), Math Booth, ISCI (a domestic level competition in 5 different categories) and last but the not the least, even more impactful, our outreach program in which we go to an underprivileged school and let the students learn from our technical team about the technology. We provide them with all the equipment and divide them into groups and ask last time we asked them to make a line following robot. Learning outcomes: The biggest learning outcome from this experience so far is how to lead a team of people with different backgrounds and skillset. I, this year, have a team of around 60 students and lead them in a way that would be beneficial for both IET and its team as well. It is like a new startup in which I have to uplift the company and the team.~
